# You were warned
*It is paradoxical to form a retrospective overview of an œuvre that never sought
to be prospective. It is a little like Orpheus turning around too soon to look
on Eurydice, and thereby sending her back to the Underworld. It would be acting
as though the work pre-existed itself and sensed its end in its very beginnings,
as though it were closed, as though it developed in a coherent way, as though it
had always existed. I do not see any other way of talking about it, then, than
in terms of simulation, rather in the way Borges reconstitutes a lost
civilization from the remains of a library. This is to admit that I can scarcely
ask myself the question of its sociological verisimilitude - a question I would,
indeed, find infinitely difficult to answer. Doubtless one should put oneself in
the position of an imaginary traveller, who came upon these writings as if they
were a lost manuscript and, for want of supporting documents, subsequently 
strove to reconsitute the society they describe.* 
-- Passwords, "Introduction" pg ix.

# A Symbolic Exchange
What can social media do to someone who is already dead and yet mocks? If social
media enables simulacrum: a distortion of truth, the mockery of reality, and the
destruction of meaning, then by what powers can it exact any sort of symbolic
exchange against the man who, by account of his parodic resurrection, would 
condemn his own existence? It is through this farce that Baudrillard can exact
his own symbolic exchange against mass communications and deliver a gift that
cannot be returned in part.

# Errata
This is a bot that tweets quotes from the works of Jean Baudrillard, a
social critic, sociologist, and philosopher of mass media, communications, and
technology. Each quote is accompanied by an image of the quote (ironic, I know)
on one of four background templates.

The text was parsed from PDFs using PyPDF2, tokenized using NLTK, images
generated by Pillow, and delivered to twitter using Tweepy.

## TODO:
1. Add more works
  1. ~~Ecstasy of Communication~~
  2. Passwords
  3. Silent Majorities
  4. ~~Simulation and Simulacra~~
  5. America
  6. Transparency of Evil
  7. System of Objects
  8. ???
2. Put in Try-Catch blocks, you savage.
3. Make a nicer way to do text only tweets?
